= Cloak

CLOAK is a simple encrypted password storage system.
It allows users to store passwords and don't have to
continually remember them. Just fire it up and it'll
tell you :)

== Installation

  $ gem install cloak

== Getting Started 

To start using CLOAK, you have to initialise it first.

  $ cloak init

This will then prompt you for a password to secure access
to your cloak entries. This command also creates two files
.cloak_password (Your password hash) and .cloak

== Adding Entires

To add an entry, do the following:

  $ cloak add "A Password That I NEED to Remember"

This will then prompt your for your cloak password and ask for the password to be secured.
Cloak will then encrypt the entry. Done.


== View Entries

To view your passwords:

  $ cloak list

This will show you all your entries

== Remove an Entry

To remove an entry:

  $ cloak remove <entry number in list>

Usually you'd list them first and see the ones that you want to delete.

== Clear all Entries

To clear / purge all stored entries

  $ cloak clear 



== Contributing to cloak
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Jason Lagaac. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

